cm_a700-userdebug cm-10.1
cm_anzu-userdebug jellybean
cm_captivatemtd-userdebug cm-10.1
cm_crespo-userdebug cm-10.1
cm_crespo4g-userdebug cm-10.1
cm_coconut-userdebug jellybean
cm_d2att-userdebug cm-10.1
cm_d2mtr-userdebug cm-10.1
cm_d2spr-userdebug cm-10.1
cm_d2tmo-userdebug cm-10.1
cm_d2usc-userdebug cm-10.1
cm_d2vzw-userdebug cm-10.1
cm_encore-userdebug jellybean
cm_endeavoru-userdebug jellybean
cm_epicmtd-userdebug jellybean
cm_everest-userdebug jellybean
cm_evita-userdebug jellybean
cm_fascinatemtd-userdebug cm-10.1
cm_galaxysbmtd-userdebug cm-10.1
cm_galaxysmtd-userdebug cm-10.1
cm_grouper-userdebug cm-10.1
cm_haida-userdebug jellybean
cm_hallon-userdebug jellybean
cm_hercules-userdebug jellybean
cm_i777-userdebug cm-10.1
cm_i9100-userdebug cm-10.1
cm_i9100g-userdebug cm-10.1
cm_i9300-userdebug cm-10.1
cm_iyokan-userdebug jellybean
cm_jewel-userdebug jellybean
cm_maguro-userdebug cm-10.1
cm_mako-userdebug cm-10.1
cm_mango-userdebug jellybean
cm_manta-userdebug cm-10.1
cm_mesmerizemtd-userdebug jellybean
cm_mint-userdebug jellybean
cm_n7000-userdebug cm-10.1
cm_n7100-userdebug cm-10.1
cm_n8000-userdebug jellybean
cm_n8013-userdebug jellybean
cm_p1c-userdebug jellybean
cm_p1l-userdebug jellybean
cm_p1n-userdebug jellybean
cm_p1-userdebug jellybean
cm_p3-userdebug jellybean
cm_p3100-userdebug cm-10.1
cm_p3110-userdebug cm-10.1
cm_p4-userdebug jellybean
cm_p4tmo-userdebug jellybean
cm_p4vzw-userdebug jellybean
cm_p4wifi-userdebug jellybean
cm_p5100-userdebug cm-10.1
cm_p5110-userdebug cm-10.1
cm_p720-userdebug jellybean
cm_p920-userdebug jellybean
cm_p930-userdebug jellybean
cm_p970-userdebug jellybean
cm_p990-userdebug jellybean
cm_quincyatt-userdebug jellybean
cm_quincytmo-userdebug jellybean
cm_ruby-userdebug jellybean
cm_satsuma-userdebug jellybean
cm_skyrocket-userdebug jellybean
cm_smultron-userdebug jellybean
cm_stingray-userdebug jellybean
cm_su640-userdebug jellybean
cm_t769-userdebug jellybean
cm_tf101-userdebug jellybean
cm_tf201-userdebug jellybean
cm_tf300t-userdebug cm-10.1
cm_tf700t-userdebug cm-10.1 
cm_tilapia-userdebug cm-10.1 
cm_toroplus-userdebug cm-10.1
cm_toro-userdebug cm-10.1
cm_urushi-userdebug jellybean
cm_vibrantmtd-userdebug cm-10.1
cm_ville-userdebug jellybean
cm_wingray-userdebug jellybean
